YOU KNOW, THEY TREAT ME LIKE A CRIMINAL.
I-I'LL END UP A CRIMINAL.
YOU ARE A CRIMINAL.
NOW, WHY'D YOU GOT TO GO AND DO THAT?
I'M TRYING TO MAKE A POINT.
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU MAKE YOUR POINT?
YOU'RE MAKING ME TIRED ALL OVER, SMALLS.
WELL, FUCK IT THEN.
I HEARD YOU WERE DEAD.
OH, YEAH?
WELL, YOU HEARD RIGHT.
WORD I GOT IS YOU HUNG UP YOUR SPURS, MAN.
WHAT'S THAT ALL ABOUT?
WHAT'S THIS?
RUMOR HAS IT KEATON'S GONE STRAIGHT.
I HEAR HE'S TAPPING EDIE FINNERAN.
[McManus] WHO'S THAT?
SHE'S A HEAVYWEIGHT CRIMINAL LAWYER FROM UPTOWN.
I HEAR SHE'S KEATON'S MEAL TICKET.
HOW 'BOUT IT, KEATON?
YOU A LAWYER'S WIFE?
WHAT KIND OF RETAINER YOU GIVING HER?
OOPS.
HEY, FENSTER,
DO YOUR FRIEND A FAVOR.
TELL HIM TO KEEP QUIET.
DEAN KEATON...
GONE CLEAN, HUH?
SAY IT AIN'T SO.
OR WAS IT YOU THAT HIT THAT TRUCK?
MAC, MAC, FORGET HIM.
DID YOU GET TO TALK TO YOUR LAWYER?
THIS WHOLE THING WAS A SHAKEDOWN.
WHAT MAKES YOU SAY THAT?
HOW MANY TIMES YOU BEEN IN A LINEUP?
IT'S ALWAYS YOU AND 4 DUMMIES.
THE P.D. ARE PAYIN' HOMELESS GUYS $10 A HEAD
HALF THE TIME.
AND THERE'S NO WAY THEY'D LINE 5 FELONS IN THE SAME ROW.
NO WAY.
AND WHAT'S A-- WH- WHAT'S A VOICE LINEUP?
PUBLIC DEFENDER COULD GET YOU OUT OF THAT ONE.
SO, WHY THE HELL WAS I STRIP-SEARCHED?
IT WAS THE FEDS.
A TRUCKLOAD OF GUNS GETS SNAGGED,
CUSTOMS COMES DOWN ON TOP OF N.Y.P.D. LOOKING FOR ANSWERS.
THEY COME UP WITH US.
THEY'RE CLUTCHING AT STRAWS.
I HAD A GUY'S FINGER UP MY ASSHOLE TONIGHT.
IS IT FRIDAY ALREADY?
YEAH, LOVER BOY.
YOU WANT A PIECE?
JUMP IN. I'LL LOVE YOU.
SO WHO IN THE GODDAMN PISS HELL STOLE OUR FUCKING TRUCK?
[Groaning]
[Hockney] WHAT DID YOU SAY?
WHO STOLE THE FUCKING TRUCK?
I DON'T WANT TO KNOW.
WHO ASKED YOU, WORKINGMAN?
FUCK WHO DID IT.
WHAT I WANT TO KNOW IS, WHO'S THE GIMP?
[Keaton] HE'S OK.
SAYS YOU. HOW DO I KNOW THAT?
WHAT ABOUT IT, PRETZEL MAN?
WHAT'S YOUR STORY.
HIS NAME IS VERBAL.
VERBAL KINT.
VERBAL? YEAH.
ROGER, REALLY.
PEOPLE SAY I TALK TOO MUCH.
YEAH, I WAS JUST GOING TO TELL YOU TO SHUT UP.
WE MET BEFORE, ONCE OR TWICE.
IN COUNTY. I WAS IN FOR FRAUD.
YOU WERE IN A LINEUP THEN, TOO.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I WALKED.
90 DAYS, SUSPENDED.
SO YOU DID IT.
ALL RIGHT. NOW LOOK,
WE'VE ALL BEEN PUT OUT BY THIS WHOLE THING, RIGHT?
SO, I FIGURE WE OWE IT TO OURSELVES
TO SALVAGE A LITTLE DIGNITY.
NOW...
ME AND FENSTER HEARD ABOUT A LITTLE JOB.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST CALM DOWN?
WHAT DO YOU CARE WHAT HE HAS TO SAY?
I'M JUST TALKING HERE.
AND IT SEEMS TO ME
LIKE MR. HOCKNEY WANTS TO HEAR WHAT I GOT TO SAY,
AND I KNOW FENSTER'S DOWN.
WHAT ABOUT YOU, GUY?
I'M INTERESTED. SURE.
THERE. SEE?
SO NOW I'D LIKE TO EXERCISE MY RIGHT
TO FREE ASSEMBLY.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST SHUT UP?
YOU'RE MISSING THE POINT.
NO.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANYTHING FROM YOU.
I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR JOB.
AND, UM...
I WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH ANY OF YOU.
I BEG YOUR PARDON,
BUT YOU CAN ALL GO TO HELL.
[McManus] DEAN KEATON...
GONE THE HIGH ROAD.
WHAT IS THE WORLD COMING TO?
FUCK HIM.
[Verbal] AND THAT WAS HOW IT STARTED,
THE 5 OF US BEING BROUGHT IN ON A TRUMPED-UP CHARGE
TO BE LEANED ON BY HALF-WITS.
OK, NOW, I REALLY CAN'T TALK ABOUT IT MUCH HERE.
[Verbal] WHAT THE COPS NEVER FIGURED OUT--
AND WHAT I KNOW NOW--
WAS THAT THESE MEN WOULD NEVER BREAK,
NEVER LIE DOWN.
NEVER BEND OVER FOR ANYBODY.
ANYBODY.
[Buoy bell ringing]
[Boat horn blowing]
WHO ARE YOU?
AGENT JACK BAER, F.B.I.
HOW MANY DEAD?
15 SO FAR.
THEY'RE STILL PULLING SOME BODIES
OUT OF THE WATER, THOUGH.
ANY SURVIVORS?
YEAH. THERE'S 2.
ONE GUY'S IN COUNTY HOSPITAL,
BUT HE'S IN A COMA.
THE D.A. HAS A 2ND GUY,
A CRIPPLE FROM NEW YORK, I THINK.
LISTEN, THE CHIEF WANTS THIS PLACE SEALED OFF.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, GIVE HIM A CALL.
[Telephone ringing]
THIS IS DAVE KUJAN.
I'LL BE IN LOS ANGELES UNTIL TUESDAY.
IF YOU NEED TO REACH ME,
CONTACT JEFF RABIN
OF THE SAN PEDRO POLICE DEPARTMENT
AT EXTENSION 112.
HAVE A NICE DAY.
[Beeping]
[Dave] WHY CAN'T I SEE HIM?
DAVE, I TOLD YOU,
THE D.A. CAME DOWN HERE LAST NIGHT READY TO ARRAIGN
EVEN BEFORE THEY MOVED HIM TO COUNTY, OK?
KINT'S LAWYER SHOWS UP
5 MINUTES LATER,
THE D.A. COMES OUT OF THE OFFICE LOOKING LIKE
THE BOGEYMAN SMACKED HIM AROUND.
ALL RIGHT? THEY TAKE HIS STATEMENT,
AND THEY CUT HIM A DEAL.
WELL, DID THEY CHARGE HIM WITH ANYTHING?
YEAH. WEAPONS-- MISDEMEANOR 2.
WHAT IS THAT?
LISTEN, I GIVE THE D.A. CREDIT
FOR GETTING THAT MUCH, DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
EXCUSE ME, SIR.
THIS WHOLE THING HAS TURNED POLITICAL.
THE MAYOR WAS HERE LAST NIGHT.
THE CHIEF.
THIS MORNING, THE GOVERNOR CALLED, OK?
I'M TELLING YOU, THIS GUY IS PROTECTED FROM UP ON HIGH
BY THE PRINCE OF DARKNESS.
TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
WELL, WHEN DOES HE POST BAIL?
MAYBE 2 HOURS, TOPS.
WELL, I WANT TO SEE HIM.
NO, DAVE.
WELL, I GOTTA SEE HIM, JEFFREY.
DAVE, NO. I CAN'T--
LISTEN, YOU GOTTA DO THIS FOR ME.
I CAME A LONG WAY FOR THIS.
DAVE, PLEASE.
EVEN IF I LET YOU TALK TO HIM,
HE WON'T TALK TO YOU.
HE'S PARANOID ABOUT BEING RECORDED.
HE KNOWS THE INTERROGATION ROOMS ARE ALL WIRED.
I QUIT.
THIS WON'T BE AN INTERROGATION,
JUST A FRIENDLY CHAT TO KILL SOME TIME.
HE WILL NOT GO INTO THE INTERROGATION ROOM.
THEN SOMEPLACE ELSE, THEN.
WHERE?
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
IF THIS WAS A DOPE DEAL, WHERE'S THE DOPE?
IF IT WAS A HIT, WHO CALLED IT IN?
I'M SURE YOU HAVE A HOST OF WILD THEORIES
TO ANSWER ALL THESE QUESTIONS.
YOU KNOW DAMN WELL WHAT I THINK.
THAT'S CRAZY. AND BESIDES, IT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER.
THE GUY'S GOT TOTAL IMMUNITY.
HIS STORY CHECKS OUT.
HE DOESN'T KNOW WHAT YOU WANT TO KNOW.
I DON'T THINK HE DOES, NOT EXACTLY.
BUT THERE'S A LOT MORE TO HIS STORY, BELIEVE ME.
JEFFREY, LOOK,
I WANNA KNOW WHY
27 MEN DIED ON THAT PIER
FOR WHAT LOOKS TO BE $91 MILLION WORTH OF DOPE
THAT WASN'T THERE.
AND ABOVE ALL,
I WANT TO BE SURE DEAN KEATON'S DEAD.
HE'S DEAD.
COME ON. 2 HOURS.
JUST TILL HE MAKES BAIL.
[Laughing] THEY'RE ALL DEAD.
I DON'T CARE HOW TOUGH A GUY YOU SAY THIS KEATON WAS,
NOBODY ON THAT BOAT COULD'VE COME OUT ALIVE.
IS HE TALKING?
HE REGAINED CONSCIOUSNESS LESS THAN AN HOUR AGO.
HE SPOKE-- NOT ENGLISH-- THEN HE LAPSED.
HUNGARIAN. I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK THAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN WHAT IT WAS.
YEAH, MOST--MOST OF THEM WERE HUNGARIANS.
HERE, YOU GOTTA PUT ON ONE OF THESE.
BURN VICTIMS ARE VERY SUSCEPTIBLE TO INFECTION.
AND, OF COURSE, THERE'S NO SMOKING.
[Monitor beeping]
KEEP YOUR MASK UP. PLEASE DON'T TOUCH HIM.
IS HE GONNA DIE?
HE HAS BURNS OVER 60 PERCENT OF HIS BODY.
A NUMBER OF HIS RIBS ARE BROKEN--
CALL HOSPITAL SECURITY. GET A MAN
PUT ON THE DOOR TILL THE POLICE GET HERE.
IS HE DANGEROUS?
YES.
DO IT.
DO IT NOW.
[Dialing phone]
[Muttering Hungarian]
JOEL? YEAH, BAER. DOWN HERE AT L.A. COUNTY.
UH, LOOK, THE GUY THEY PULLED OUT OF THE HARBOR
IS ARKOSH KOVASH.
YES, YES, I'M SURE.
NO, HE'S ALL FUCKED UP.
[Speaking Hungarian]
I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
WILL YOU SHUT UP? I'M ON THE PHONE.
YES.
[Yelling Hungarian]
NO, NOT TILL I PUT A MAN ON HIM.
[Monitor beeping faster]
LISTEN, SEND ME SOMEONE WHO CAN SPEAK HUNGARIAN.
YEAH, HE'S AWAKE.
HE'S TALKING LIKE A THAI HOOKER.
...KEYSER SOZE.
WHAT?
[Yelling] KEYSER SOZE!
KEYSER SOZE!
KEYSER--
[Coughing] SOZE.
NO SHIT?
[Gasping]
JOEL, YEAH,
CALL DAN METZHEISER OVER AT JUSTICE
AND FIND DAVE KUJAN FROM CUSTOMS.
MM-HMM.
[Cell phone closes]
[Chattering]
VERBAL,
THIS IS AGENT KUJAN FROM CUSTOMS.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
HE WANTS TO ASK YOU A FEW QUESTIONS BEFORE YOU GO.
WHAT ABOUT?
ABOUT A DEAN KEATON, MOSTLY.
BUT I'D LIKE TO START AT THE LINEUP BACK IN NEW YORK.
CAN I GET SOME COFFEE?
IN A WHILE. LET'S TALK ABOUT THE LINEUP--
I'M REALLY THIRSTY.
I USED TO DEHYDRATE AS A KID.
ONE TIME I GOT SO BAD MY PISS COME OUT LIKE SNOT.
I'M NOT KIDDING. IT WAS ALL THICK AND GOOEY--
I'LL GET YOUR FUCKING COFFEE.
GET ME ONE, TOO, WHILE YOU'RE AT IT.
[Door opening and closing]
THAT GUY IS TENSE.
TENSION IS A KILLER.
I USED TO BE IN A BARBERSHOP QUARTET
IN SKOKIE, ILLINOIS.
THE BARITONE WAS THIS GUY NAMED KIP DISKIN--BIG FAT GUY.
I MEAN, LIKE, ORCA FAT.
HE WAS SO STRESSED IN THE MORNING--
VERBAL, YOU KNOW WE'RE TRYING TO HELP YOU.
SURE. AND I APPRECIATE THAT.
AND I WANNA HELP YOU, AGENT KUJAN.
I LIKE COPS.
I WOULD'VE LIKED TO HAVE BEEN A FED MYSELF BUT MY C.P.--
VERBAL, YOU'RE NOT TELLIN' US EVERYTHING.
I KNOW YOU KNOW SOMETHING.
[Verbal] I TOLD THE D.A. EVERYTHING I KNOW.
[Kujan] VERBAL, I KNOW YOU LIKE KEATON.
I KNOW YOU THINK HE'S A GOOD MAN.
I KNOW HE WAS GOOD.
HE WAS A CORRUPT COP.
SURE. 15 YEARS AGO, BUT HE WAS A GOOD THIEF.
ANYWAY, THE COPS WOULDN'T LET HIM GO LEGIT.
DEAN KEATON WAS A PIECE OF SHIT.
ARE YOU TRYING TO GET A RISE OUT OF ME, AGENT KUJAN?
I JUST WANNA HEAR YOUR STORY.
IT'S ALL THERE.
MAY I HAVE A CIGARETTE?
ACCORDING TO YOUR STATEMENT--
I NEED A LIGHT.
ACCORDING TO YOUR STATEMENT,
YOU'RE A SHORT-CON OPERATOR,
RUN-OF-THE-MILL--
ACCORDING TO YOUR STATEMENT,
YOU'RE A SHORT-CON OPERATOR,
RUN-OF-THE-MILL SCAMS.
IT'S BEEN SUPPRESSED.
ANYTHING IN THERE IS INADMISSIBLE.
OH, I KNOW.
SWEET DEAL YOU HAVE HERE. TOTAL IMMUNITY.
WELL, I DO HAVE THE WEAPONS CHARGE.
I'M LOOKIN' AT 6 WHOLE MONTHS HARD TIME.
YOU KNOW A DEALER NAMED RUBY DEEMER, VERBAL?
YOU KNOW A RELIGIOUS GUY NAMED JOHN PAUL?
YOU KNOW RUBY'S IN ATTICA?
HE DIDN'T HAVE MY LAWYER.
I KNOW RUBY. HE'S BIG ON RESPECT.
HE'S A GOOD FRIEND OF MINE. LIKES ME VERY MUCH.
NOW, I KNOW YOUR TESTIMONY IS SEALED.
RUBY'S WELL CONNECTED.
HE'S GOT A LOT OF FRIENDS INSIDE
DO A LOT OF FAVORS FOR HIM.
WHAT DO YOU THINK HE WOULD SAY
IF HE FOUND OUT YOU DROPPED HIS NAME TO THE D.A.?
THERE'S NOTHING IN THERE ABOUT RUBY.
I'LL BE SURE TO MENTION THAT TO HIM.
FIRST THING ON THE JOB, YOU KNOW WHAT I LEARNED?
HOW TO SPOT A MURDERER.
LET'S SAY YOU ARREST 3 GUYS FOR THE SAME KILLING.
YOU PUT THEM ALL IN JAIL OVERNIGHT.
THE NEXT MORNING, WHOEVER'S SLEEPING IS YOUR MAN.
YOU SEE, IF YOU'RE GUILTY, YOU KNOW YOU'RE CAUGHT.
YOU GET SOME REST. YOU LET YOUR GUARD DOWN.
YOU FOLLOW ME?
NO.
LET ME GET RIGHT TO THE POINT.
I'M SMARTER THAN YOU,
AND I'M GONNA FIND OUT
WHAT I WANNA KNOW.
AND I'M GONNA GET IT FROM YOU, WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT.
I'M NOT A RAT.
[Door opens]
[Door closes]
THANKS.
AAH.
BACK WHEN I WAS PICKIN' BEANS IN GUATEMALA,
WE USED TO MAKE FRESH COFFEE--
RIGHT OFF THE TREES, I MEAN.
THAT WAS GOOD.
THIS IS SHIT, BUT, HEY, I'M IN A POLICE STATION.
CAN WE GET STARTED AGAIN?
NOW, WHAT HAPPENED AFTER THE LINEUP?
[Sirens wailing]
[Woman] THE DESK SERGEANT
WAS ACTUALLY TRYING TO TELL ME
THAT HE COULDN'T RELEASE YOU.
I MEAN, CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT?
YOU WEREN'T EVEN CHARGED.
DAMN POLICE.
YOU KNOW, I WANNA HAVE PICTURES TAKEN OF YOUR FACE.
I'LL TAKE THEM TO THE D.A.'S OFFICE
FIRST THING TOMORROW MORNING.
FORGET ABOUT IT.
ABSOLUTELY NOT! I'M GONNA HAVE THIS THING
IN FRONT OF THE GRAND JURY BY MONDAY.
LOOK, I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT, EDIE, OK?
SO WHAT DID FORTIER AND RENAULT SAY?
THEY ASKED FOR SOME MORE TIME TO THINK ABOUT INVESTING.
DAMN IT.
[Horn honking]
MORE TIME FOR WHAT, EDIE?
NO MATTER HOW YOU COVER MY TRACKS,
THEY'RE STILL-- THEY'RE STILL GONNA FIND OUT ABOUT ME.
GIVE ME SOME CREDIT.
I GOT YOU THIS FAR.
LET'S GO TO THE GRAND JURY.
YOU KNOW, THIS ISN'T GONNA STOP IF WE DON'T--
IT'S NEVER GOING TO STOP PERIOD.
BY NEXT WEEK, EVERY INVESTOR IN THE CITY
IS GONNA BE WALKING AWAY FROM US.
[Sighs]
IT'S FINISHED.
I'M FINISHED.
DON'T GIVE UP ON ME NOW, DEAN.
IT'S NEVER GONNA STOP.
[Car horn blaring]
[Siren wailing]
I LOVE YOU.
THEY RUINED ME IN THERE TONIGHT.
DO YOU HEAR ME?
WHAT?
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S JUST GO TO MY PLACE.
[Subway clanking]
WE'LL WORRY ABOUT THIS TOMORROW.
YEAH. LET'S GO.
[Verbal] FENSTER AND MCMANUS
HAD A CAGEY PROPOSITION--
A FAST-JUMP, HIGH-RISK, LONG MONEY.
WE ALL KNEW IT COULD BE DONE.
THE WAY I FIGURED,
TO DO IT WRONG MEANT KILLING.
TO DO IT RIGHT TOOK 5 MEN.
5 MEN MEANT KEATON.
KEATON TOOK CONVINCING.
NEW YORK'S FINEST TAXI SERVICE.
BULLSHIT.
THEY DON'T OPERATE ANYMORE.
MCMANUS HAS A FRIEND IN THE 14TH PRECINCT.
THEY'RE COMING OUT FOR ONE JOB, THURSDAY.
THEY'RE PICKIN' UP A GUY
SMUGGLING EMERALDS OUT OF SOUTH AMERICA.
MCMANUS ALREADY HAS A FENCE SET TO TAKE THE STUFF.
A FENCE? WHO?
SOME GUY IN CALIFORNIA. HIS NAME'S REDFOOT.
I NEVER HEARD OF HIM.
YOU HAVE TO COME.
WHAT'S IT TO YOU WHETHER I DO IT OR NOT?
THEY DON'T... THEY DON'T KNOW ME.
YOU DO.
THEY WON'T TAKE ME UNLESS YOU GO.
LOOK AT ME. I NEED THIS.
OH, YOU'RE TELLING ME YOU DON'T NEED THIS?
IS THIS YOUR PLACE?
LOOK, I'M NOT KNOCKING YOU.
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU GOT A GOOD SCAM GOING WITH THIS LAWYER.
OH!
[Gasping]
SORRY.
IT'S OK. IT'S OK.
YOU SAY IT'S THE REAL THING?
THAT'S COOL.
YOU OK?
I WAS OUT OF LINE.
BUT THEY'RE NEVER GONNA STOP WITH US.
YOU KNOW THAT.
AS CLEAN AS YOU COULD EVER GET,
THEY'LL NEVER LET YOU GO NOW.
THIS WAY, WE HIT THE COPS WHERE IT HURTS,
AND WE GET WELL IN THE MEANTIME.
[Sighs]
YOU SURE YOU'RE OK?
I'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
LOOK, I, UH...
SOMETIMES GET...
FORGET IT.
I'LL PROBABLY SHIT BLOOD TONIGHT.
[Laughing]
SO, UH...
HOW DO THEY WANNA DO IT?
MCMANUS WANTS TO GO IN SHOOTING.
I SAY NO.
FENSTER?
HOCKNEY?
THEY'RE PRETTY PISSED OFF. THEY'LL DO ANYTHING.
NOW, I GOT A WAY TO DO IT WITHOUT KILLING ANYONE,
BUT LIKE I SAY,
THEY WON'T LET ME IN WITHOUT YOU.
$3 MILLION?
MAYBE MORE.
[Scoffing]
NO KILLING.
NOT IF WE DO IT MY WAY.
[Verbal] NEW YORK'S FINEST TAXI SERVICE
WAS NOT YOUR NORMAL TAXI SERVICE.
IT WAS A RING OF CORRUPT COPS IN THE N.Y.P.D.
THAT RAN A HIGH-PROFIT RACKET
DRIVING SMUGGLERS AND DRUG DEALERS
ALL OVER THE CITY.
FOR A FEW HUNDRED A MILE,
YOU GOT YOUR OWN BLUE AND WHITE
AND A POLICE ESCORT.
THEY EVEN HAD THEIR OWN BUSINESS CARDS.
AFTER A WHILE, SOMEBODY STARTED ASKING QUESTIONS,
AND THE TAXI SERVICE SHUT DOWN.
EVER SINCE THEN,
INTERNAL AFFAIRS HAS BEEN WAITING
TO CATCH THEM IN THE ACT.
AND THAT'S WHERE WE CAME IN.
SO, HOW WAS THE FLIGHT?
FUCKIN' GREAT.
WILL THIS GET ME TO STATEN ISLAND?
ARE YOU KIDDIN' ME?
THIS WILL GET YOU TO CAPE COD.
[Verbal] MCMANUS CAME TO US WITH THE JOB.
FENSTER GOT THE VANS.
HOCKNEY SUPPLIED THE HARDWARE.
I CAME THROUGH WITH HOW TO DO IT SO NO ONE GOT KILLED.
BUT KEATON?
KEATON PUT ON THE FINISHING TOUCH--
A LITTLE "FUCK YOU"
FROM THE 5 OF US TO THE N.Y.P.D.
WATCH THIS. WATCH THIS.
[Brakes squealing] WHOA. WHOA. WHOA.
CAREFUL. CAREFUL. CARE--
COME ON, ASSHOLE.
HOLY SHIT!
DON'T MOVE, YOU FUCKER!
DROP IT NOW, MOTHERFUCKER!
DROP THE FUCKING GUN. DROP IT!
DON'T MOVE!
[Fenster] DON'T FUCKING TOUCH A FUCKING THING.
WHAT DO YOU GUYS WANT?
PUT YOUR FUCKIN' THING AWAY.
WE'RE COPS!
STUPID ASSHOLES!
WATCH THE GLASS!
DON'T FUCKIN' MOVE, MOTHERFUCKER!
YOU WANT A BUCKSHOT SHAMPOO, CHUBBY?
SHUT UP!
WHOA! WHOA! WHOA!
AW, FUCK.
AFTERNOON, MY LITTLE PORK CHOPS.
NOW, GIVE ME THE SHIT.
DON'T MOVE! GIVE HIM THE FUCKING SHIT!
GIVE HIM THE FUCKIN' THING! GIVE HIM THE FUCKIN' THING!
GIVE HIM THE FUCKIN' SHIT, MAN!
HURRY UP!
COME ON!
NOW THE MONEY!
THERE'S NO MONEY. GIVE ME THE MONEY!
THERE'S NO FUCKIN' MONEY.
GIVE ME THE MONEY!
GIVE HIM THE FUCKING MONEY!
DO IT! GIVE HIM THE MONEY!
GIVE ME THE FUCKIN' MONEY!
GIVE HIM THE MONEY!
HURRY UP!
YOU KNOW THE FUCKIN' WHO-- YOU KNOW WHO THE FUCK I AM?
YOU PEOPLE KNOW WHO THE FUCK I AM?
FUCK!
WE DO NOW, JERK-OFF.
COCKSUCKER.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT'S THAT?
[Sniffing]
WHAT THE FUCK--
HOLY SHIT!
GO! GO! GO!
[Tires screeching]
[Verbal] KEATON MADE
AN ANONYMOUS PHONE CALL.
THE PRESS WAS ON THE SCENE BEFORE THE POLICE WERE.
STRAUSZ AND RIZZI WERE INDICTED 3 DAYS LATER.
WITHIN A FEW WEEKS, 50 MORE COPS WENT DOWN WITH THEM.
EVERYBODY GOT IT RIGHT IN THE ASS--
FROM THE CHIEF ON DOWN.
IT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
I OWE YOU $2.50.
DR. KEATON.
?[Music playing]
THERE'S MORE HERE THAN I THOUGHT.
WHEN'S THE FENCE COMING?
REDFOOT NEVER COMES TO SEE ME.
I ALWAYS GO TO SEE HIM.
IN CALIFORNIA?
YES, VERBAL, IN CALIFORNIA.
FENSTER AND I--
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT. HOLD THE FUCKIN' PHONE.
YOU AND FENSTER?
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU FUCKIN' KIDDIN' ME?
OK, SO, THEN WHO'S GONNA GO?
WE ALL GO.
WHAT'S YOUR FUCKIN' PROBLEM, MAN?
MY FUCKIN' PROBLEM, MAN, IS THAT YOU AND FENSTER
ARE OFF HONEYMOONING IN CALIFORNIA
WHILE THE REST OF US ARE SITTIN' HERE HOLDING OUR DICKS.
HEY!
THE JOB'S OVER.
COOL IT.
L.A.'S A GOOD PLACE
TO LIE LOW FOR A WHILE.
YOU WANT TO DANCE?
LADIES.
[Chuckling]
I WOULD LIKE TO PROPOSE A TOAST.
THERE YOU GO.
[Patting]
TO MR. VERBAL--
THE MAN WITH THE PLAN.
[Car horn blaring]
WE'RE GONNA MISS THE FLIGHT.
DON'T DO THIS.
SEND HER A NOTE. SOMETHING.
I SAID WE'LL MAKE IT.
WE'RE GONNA MISS THE PLANE.
SHE'LL UNDERSTAND.
THAT'S HEARTWARMING.
REALLY.
I'M WEEPY.
JEFF, YOU WANNA WAIT OUTSIDE?
YOU GUYS WANTED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED AFTER THE LINEUP.
I'M TELLING YOU.
COME ON, VERBAL.
WHO DO YOU THINK YOU'RE TALKIN' TO?
YOU EXPECT ME TO BELIEVE THAT HE RETIRED?
FOR A WOMAN?
BULLSHIT.
KEATON WAS USING HER.
HE LOVED HER.
SURE.
I'M SUPPOSED TO BELIEVE
THAT HITTING THE TAXI SERVICE WASN'T HIS IDEA EITHER.
IT WAS ALL FENSTER AND MCMANUS.
COME ON. KEATON WAS A COP FOR 4 YEARS.
WHO ELSE WOULD KNOW THE TAXI SERVICE BETTER?
THAT JOB HAD HIS NAME WRITTEN ALL OVER IT.
BUT EDIE HAD HIM ALL TURNED AROUND.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
I KNOW DEAN KEATON.
I'VE BEEN INVESTIGATING HIM FOR THE PAST 3 YEARS.
THE GUY I KNOW WAS A COLD-BLOODED BASTARD.
I.A.D. INDICTED HIM ON 3 COUNTS OF MURDER
BEFORE HE WAS KICKED OFF THE FORCE.
SO DON'T SELL ME THE HOOKER WITH A HEART OF GOLD.
YOU GOT HIM ALL WRONG.
DO I?
DEAN KEATON WAS UNDER INDICTMENT
A TOTAL OF 7 TIMES
WHILE HE WAS ON THE FORCE.
IN EVERY CASE, WITNESSES EITHER
REVERSED THEIR TESTIMONY TO THE GRAND JURY,
OR DIED BEFORE THEY COULD TESTIFY.
WHEN THEY FINALLY DID NAIL HIM FOR FRAUD,
HE SPENT 5 YEARS IN SING SING.
HE KILLED 3 PRISONERS INSIDE.
OF COURSE, I CAN'T PROVE THIS,
BUT I CAN'T PROVE THE BEST PART EITHER.
DEAN KEATON WAS DEAD.
[Laughing]
DID YOU KNOW THAT?
HE DIED IN A FIRE 2 YEARS AGO,
DURING AN INVESTIGATION
INTO THE MURDER OF A WITNESS
WHO WAS GOING TO TESTIFY AGAINST HIM.
2 PEOPLE SAW DEAN KEATON
WALK INTO A WAREHOUSE HE OWNED
JUST BEFORE IT BLEW UP.
THEY SAID HE WENT IN TO CHECK A LEAKING GAS MAIN.
IT BLEW UP AND TOOK ALL OF DEAN KEATON WITH IT.
WITHIN 3 MONTHS OF THE EXPLOSION,
THE 2 WITNESSES, THEY WERE DEAD.
ONE KILLED HIMSELF IN HIS CAR.
THE OTHER FELL DOWN AN OPEN ELEVATOR SHAFT.
[Monitor beeping]
[Woman] AGENT BAER.
LET'S GET THIS SHOW ON THE ROAD.
THIS IS NOT WHAT WE DISCUSSED. THERE ARE TOO MANY--
LOOK, LOOK, DOCTOR.
DOCTOR, I PROMISE WE'LL BE OUT OF HERE
BEFORE HE BLOWS HIS PORCH LIGHT, OK?
I HAVE A NOON MEETING, BAER.
AGENT BAER, 5 MINUTES.
LOOK, EVERYONE, JUST CALM DOWN, ALL RIGHT?
I WANT YOU TO ASK THIS MAN
ABOUT THE SHOOTOUT IN THE HARBOR.
[Speaking Hungarian]
UH, HE SAYS THEY WERE BUYING--
DOPE. WE KNOW.
[Kovash speaking Hungarian]
HE DOESN'T KNOW WHAT THEY WERE BUYING, BUT NOT DOPE.
UH...PEOPLE.
WHAT?
[Speaking Hungarian]
HE NEEDS GUARANTEES--
WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT, GUARANTEES?
HE SAYS HIS LIFE IS IN DANGER.
UH, HE SAW THE DEVIL,
L-LOOKED HIM IN THE EYE.
I'M ON MY WAY.
NO, NO, NO, WAIT A MINUTE. WAIT A MINUTE.
ASK HIM TO TELL HIM WHAT HE TOLD ME.
UH,
ABOUT THE DEVIL... WHO'S THE DEVIL?
[Speaking Hungarian]
KEYSER SOZE.
KEYSER SOZE?
YEAH, HE--HE WAS IN THE HARBOR, KILLING MANY MEN.
HE SAW KEYSER SOZE?
[Speaking Hungarian]
HE--HE SAW HIS FACE.
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT. LOOK.
TELL HIM TO TELL HER WHAT HE LOOKS LIKE.
DESCRIBE HIM.
UH, OK, AH,
[Speaking Hungarian]
[Kujan] 6 WEEKS AGO,
I GET AN ANONYMOUS PHONE CALL
TELLING ME I COULD FIND KEATON
EATING AT MONDINO'S WITH HIS ATTORNEY,
AND THERE HE IS.
NOW, BECAUSE HE NEVER PROFITED
FROM HIS ALLEGED DEATH,
AND BECAUSE WE CONVICTED SOMEONE ELSE
OF THE MURDER WE TRIED TO PIN ON HIM,
WE HAD TO LET HIM GO.
HE WAS DEAD JUST LONG ENOUGH
FOR THE MURDER RAP TO BLOW OVER.
AND THEN HE HAD LUNCH.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT.
WELL, I DON'T THINK YOU DO.
BUT YOU SAY YOU SAW KEATON DIE.
I THINK YOU'RE COVERING HIS ASS,
AND HE'S STILL OUT THERE SOMEWHERE.
I THINK HE'S BEHIND THAT WHOLE CIRCUS AT THE HARBOR.
MY BET IS HE'S USING YOU BECAUSE YOU'RE STUPID
AND YOU THINK HE'S YOUR FRIEND.
YOU TELL ME HE'S DEAD, SO BE IT.
I WANNA BE SURE HE'S DEAD
BEFORE I GO BACK TO NEW YORK.
HE WASN'T BEHIND ANYTHING. IT WAS THE LAWYER.
WHAT LAWYER?
WHAT LAWYER, VERBAL?
YOU KNOW, BACK WHEN I WAS IN
THAT BARBERSHOP QUARTET IN SKOKIE, ILLINOIS--
YOU DON'T THINK I KNOW YOU HELD OUT ON THE D.A.?
WHAT DID YOU LEAVE OUT OF THAT TESTIMONY?
I COULD BE ON THE PHONE TO RUBY DEEMER IN 10 MINUTES.
THE D.A. GAVE ME IMMUNITY.
NOT FROM ME.
YOU GET NO IMMUNITY FROM ME, YOU PIECE OF SHIT.
EVERY CRIMINAL I HAVE PUT IN PRISON,
EVERY COP THAT OWES ME A FAVOR,
EVERY CREEP AND SCUMBAG THAT WALKS THE STREET FOR A LIVING,
WILL KNOW THE NAME OF VERBAL KINT.
NOW, YOU TALK TO ME,
OR THAT PRECIOUS IMMUNITY THEY SEEM SO FIT TO GRANT YOU,
WON'T BE WORTH THE PAPER THE CONTRACT
PUT OUT ON YOUR LIFE IS PRINTED ON.
THERE WAS A LAWYER.
KOBAYASHI.
IS HE THE ONE THAT KILLED KEATON?
NO, BUT I'M SURE KEATON IS DEAD.
CONVINCE ME.
AND TELL ME EVERY LAST DETAIL.
[Verbal] WE ARRIVED IN LOS ANGELES
AND MET MCMANUS' FENCE, REDFOOT.
HE HAD A GOOD REPUTATION.
SEEMED LIKE A GOOD GUY.
STILL, WE SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER.
HOW YOU DOING?
GOOD. YOU?
NOT BAD. CAN'T COMPLAIN.
HOW'S IT GOING, FENSTER?
DON'T NEED TO OPEN IT, RIGHT?
YOU MUST BE KEATON.
REDFOOT, DEAN KEATON.
TODD HOCKNEY AND VERBAL KINT.
VERBAL, THE MAN WITH THE PLAN, HUH?
YOU GUYS INTERESTED IN ANY MORE WORK?
TSK. WE'RE ALWAYS LOOKING FOR EXTRA WORK.
WE'RE ON VACATION.
OH, WELL, THAT'S TOO BAD.
I GOT A TON OF WORK AND I DON'T HAVE ANY GOOD PEOPLE.
NOT LIKE YOU GUYS.
WHAT'S THE JOB?
THERE'S THIS JEWELER OUT OF TEXAS NAMED SAUL.
HE RENTS A SUITE IN SOME DOWNTOWN HOTEL.
HE DOES FREE APPRAISALS FOR PEOPLE.
SOMETIMES HE BUYS, SOMETIMES HE DOESN'T.
ANY WAY, THE WORD IS, HE CARRIES AROUND A LOT OF CASH.
SO I FIGURE, I KEEP THE MERCHANDISE,
YOU KEEP THE GREEN.
SIMPLE.
WHAT ABOUT SECURITY?
A COUPLE OF BODYGUARDS.
NOTHING YOU COULDN'T HANDLE.
[McManus] GIVE ME TIME TO CHECK IT OUT?
I EXPECT NOTHING LESS FROM YOU, MAN.
GOOD TO SEE YOU. WE'LL CALL YOU. ALL RIGHT.
ENJOY L.A., HUH? GET YOURSELF LAID.
HEY, UH...
A FRIEND IN NEW YORK TELLS ME
THAT YOU KNOW, UH, THAT YOU KNEW SPOOK HOLLIS.
THE WAY I HEAR IT, YOU DID TIME WITH OL' SPOOK.
A GOOD MAN, WASN'T HE?
I USED TO RUN DOPE FOR HIM.
TOO BAD HE GOT SHIVVED.
YEAH.
I SHIVVED HIM.
BETTER YOU HEAR IT FROM ME NOW
THAN FROM SOMEBODY ELSE LATER.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
BUT JUST OUT OF CURIOSITY,
WAS IT BUSINESS OR PERSONAL?
A BIT OF BOTH.
WELL, LIKE I SAID,
YOU GIVE ME A CALL IF YOU'RE INTERESTED, HUH?
IS THERE A PROBLEM?
ONE JOB.
THAT WAS THE DEAL.
[McManus] ONE JOB?
[Laughing]
ONE JOB?
THAT'S A GOOD ONE, KEATON.
[Laughing]
[Verbal] KEATON FOUGHT IT AS BEST HE COULD,
BUT A MAN CAN'T CHANGE WHAT HE IS.
HE CAN CONVINCE ANYONE HE'S SOMEONE ELSE,
BUT NEVER HIMSELF.
IT TOOK ONE DAY WITH MCMANUS NAGGING,
AND WE WENT BACK TO WORK.
[Elevator dings]
[Man] SO, ANYWAYS, I GET OUT OF MY CAR,
AND THE THING IS WRECKED.
[Chuckling] AND I LOOK IN THE BACKSEAT
OF THE OTHER CAR,
AND THIS WOMAN'S TOTALLY NAKED.
I'M LAUGHIN' SO HARD I CAN'T BREATHE.
[Bodyguard] GET IN THE CAR, SAUL.
[Fenster] FREEZE, MOTHER, FREEZE!
STAY RIGHT THERE!
[Tires screeching]
THERE'S A 2ND ONE HERE, SOMEWHERE.
GIMME THE CASE.
GIVE ME THE FUCKIN' CASE!
GIVE ME THE FUCKING CASE.
I'M TELLIN' YOU FOR THE LAST TIME.
GIVE ME THE FUCKIN' CASE!
[Hockney] COME ON!
[Fenster] HEY! HEY, DON'T MOVE!
[Car alarm blaring]
NOW, JUST HAND OVER THE CASE.
HAND OVER THE FUCKIN' CASE.
COME ON, LET'S GO!
COME ON!
BAD DAY. FUCK IT.
COME ON, LET'S GO!
LET'S GO! GO! GO!
[Engine starts]
[Tires screeching]
[Banging]
FUCK.
[Fenster] LOOKS LIKE A LOT OF CHINA TO ME.
SHIT.
GUYS, COME ON.
[Cocking gun]
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
WHAT'S IT LOOK LIKE I'M DOIN'? I'M GONNA KILL HIM.
LOOK, WE DID IT YOUR WAY, NOW WE'RE GONNA DO IT MY WAY.
ARE YOU GONNA KILL HIM? I'M GONNA DEAL WITH HIM.
YOU BETTER DEAL WITH HIM, OR I'M GOING TO.
SHUT UP.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH THAT?
I DON'T KNOW. FEED IT TO THE GIMP.
EASE HIS PAIN. I DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT IS.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DON'T KNOW?
SHUT UP. I DON'T KNOW.
I GOT THROWN THIS JOB BY SOME LAWYER.
YEAH, WHO?
I DON'T KNOW. SOME LIMEY.
HE'S A MIDDLEMAN FOR SOMEBODY, OK?
HE DOESN'T SAY, I DON'T ASK.
YOU'RE FUCKIN' FULL OF SHIT!
FUCK YOU.
FUCK YOU. LISTEN TO ME.
WE WANNA MEET HIM,
OK?
THAT'S FUNNY.
HE CALLED ME LAST NIGHT.
HE SAYS HE WANTS TO MEET YOU GUYS.
OK, WE'LL MEET HIM.
I'LL CALL YOU.
GOOD. DO THAT. NO PROBLEM. LET'S GO.
I DON'T LIKE IT, DEAN. I DON'T LIKE IT. WAIT A MINUTE.
ONE MORE THING, TOUGH GUY--
ANY MORE SURPRISES, AND I'M GONNA KILL YOU.
[Scoffs]
YOU'RE SUCH A TOUGH GUY, MCMANUS.
BUT DO ME A FAVOR, ALL RIGHT?
GET THE FUCK OFF MY DICK. FUCK!
NO! NO!
PUT A LEASH ON THAT PUPPY.
YOU KNOW, IT'S AN AWFUL SHAME
ABOUT SAUL GETTIN' WHACKED.
COPS ARE GONNA BE LOOKIN' FOR THE GUYS WHO DID IT.
SOONER OR LATER, THEY'RE GONNA COME AROUND ASKIN' ME.
YOU HAVE A SWEET NIGHT, LADIES.
[Laughing]